MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Mathew Dixon (n0m4official)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

LAWFUL USE ONLY – This Software may only be used for lawful purposes,
including but not limited to ethical security research, penetration testing
with proper authorization, academic study, and defensive security operations.
Any use of this Software for malicious, unlawful, or unethical purposes is
strictly prohibited in all jurisdictions.

NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR MISUSE – The authors and copyright holders of this
Software accept no responsibility or liability, whether civil or criminal,
for any misuse, illegal activity, data loss, system damage, or other harm
resulting from the use of this Software.

COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS – It is the sole responsibility of the user to
ensure compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and agreements before
using this Software.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
